Fake GPS Pro
Fixed
Route
Joystick
Dashboard
Fixed mode
Route mode
Joystick mode
Dashboard
MODE OFF
MODE ON
START
STOP
Longitude
Latitude
UNDO
Cancel
Cancel and close
Continue
Done
Stop
Proceed
Close
OK
Yes
No
OK, sure
No, thanks
Not really
Save
Share
Ad
Location disabled
Your device location is disabled. Please enable it in the device settings to make sure the app works properly.
Cannot start mode
Fixed mode is on. Please stop it before starting this mode.
Route mode is on. Please stop it before starting this mode.
Joystick mode is on. Please stop it before starting this mode.
Mock location error
This app needs to be selected as the mock location app in the device setting to work properly. Would you like to know how to enable it?
About modes
Fixed mode changes the location of the device to a fake fixed coordinate. It simulates staying somewhere and not moving. You can use fixed mode to spoof your real location and pretend you are somewhere else, therefore apps like social media, messengers, games, and … use your fake location as a real one.
Route mode changes the location of the device to a predetermined route. It can simulate walking, cycling, and driving from a starting point to a destination with different speeds and paths based on the selected direction type. This mode can be used in any route-based or tracking apps.
Joystick mode is the most advanced mode in location spoofing. It supports walking, cycling, driving, and flying speed types. You can go anywhere, in any direction and control your movement with a joystick on the device screen. This mode can be used in any kind of apps, especially location-based games. 
Search…
No suggestions found
Suggested location
Map type
Please select a map type.
Default
Satellite
Terrain
Google Maps is not installed
No address
Google Play services error
Selected location
Saved locations
Location deleted.
Restart fixed mode for changes to take effect.

Select a location on the map by either placing a pin or searching an address.
Please give the selected location a name or address.
Selected location name:
Selected location
Location has been changed to:
Device location changed.
Fixed mode
Shows fixed mode service notification.
Location preview
Selected route
Saved routes
Route deleted.
Restart route mode for changes to take effect.
Selected starting point:
Selected destination:
Please give both the starting point and destination a name or address.
Direction type
Please select a direction type. It affects the route direction and speed.
Walking
Cycling
Driving
The app will try to find the best route based on elements such as sidewalk availability.
The app will try to find the best route based on elements such as bicycle lanes.
The app will try to find the best route based on elements such as road availability.
The direction type cannot be changed in the process of finding and adding a route.
Selected starting point name
Selected destination name
Select a starting point on the map by either placing a pin or searching an address.
Now, select a destination by either placing a pin on the map or searching an address.
Find route
Start over
Finding route
Fake GPS is trying to find a route between the selected starting point and destination based on the direction type. Please wait…
Oops!
There was an issue finding a route.
You have reached your limit of 3 tries in a minute (API limit). Please wait for a minute and try again.
There is no possible route between the selected starting point and destination based on %1$s direction type.
Requested denied. You might be using a modified version of the app. Please contact the developer.
An unknown error happened. Please try again.
An error happened trying to read the route data. Please try again.
An error happened trying to show the route. Please try again.
Slow or no internet connection. Please check your internet settings
Due to API limits, you can try finding a route 3 times in every minute.
Route mode
Shows route mode service notification.
Current route:
Route mode is on.
Route preview
Starting point
Joystick size
Speed options
The location movement would be very slow and simulates the speed of walking normally.
The location movement would be slow and simulates the speed of riding a bicycle.
The location movement would be fast and simulates the speed of driving a car on a freeway.
The location movement would be very fast and simulates the speed of a flying airplane.
Restart joystick mode for changes to take effect
Display permission
This app needs to be allowed to show the joystick controller over other apps on the screen. Please allow it to display over other apps on the next page.
Selected starting point:
Please give the starting point a name or address
Selected starting point name
Joystick mode
Shows joystick mode service notification.
Joystick mode starting point:
Joystick mode is on.
This app overwrites your current location to a fake location so any third-party apps, websites, or services would think you are there.
Copyright 2020
Evezzon
Open source licenses
Premium
More apps
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Feedback
Rate
Play Store not installed
Are you enjoying IntruderDetector?
Would you mind giving us some feedback?
How about rating on the Play Store, then?
Please do not remove this info as it helps the developer to identify issues.
Please write your feedback here:
Send Feedback
FAQ
What does this app do?
This app teleports your device to any place in the world you want! it sets a fake location for your device so any third-party apps, websites, or services would think you are there.
What are the requirements?
The latest version of Google Play services and Google Maps must be installed on your device. You need a proper internet connection. Also, you need to set this app as the mock location app in the device developer options settings. Read the instructions to find out how to set the mock location app.
Is it OK to change my location in any app?
Please read the policy and terms of use for each app or game carefully. Some games might send you a warning, suspend or terminate your account if they realize you are changing your real location.
How can I delete a saved location or route?
You can delete a saved location or route from the list by swiping it to the left. You cannot delete the selected location or route.
How can I see a saved location or route on map?
You can see a saved location or route by swiping it to the right in the list.
What features are free?
The fixed mode feature is totally free. The route and joystick modes are premium features and you need to upgrade to the premium version to use these features freely. Although, based on your location you might have a chance to try the premium features by watching an ad (if there is any available).
When and where can the modes be used?
Fixed mode can be used in social media, messenger, dating, or any location-based apps or games like Tinder, Facebook, Instagram, Family Locator, and…\nRoute mode can be used in any kind of route-based and tracking apps or games. \nJoystick mode can be used in any kind of apps and games including fixed location-based or route-based apps.
My Location has been locked to the last fake location I used, how can I fix that?
It is not a bug and your GPS sensor is not broken. There are some ways to fix this issue:\nYou can try turning your device location off and on several times.\nIf it did not work you can try restarting your device.
Instructions
There might be various approaches for enabling developer options based on the device manufacturer. If you could not enable or find the developer options based on the instructions page, try searching about it on search engines, you will find instructions written exclusively for your device.
This app needs to be selected as the mock location app in the device setting to work properly. You need to do these instructions only once and the modes will be ready to use.
Step 1
Step 2
Enable developer options
Select mock location app
Open developer options
Open about phone
Developer options are enabled in your device. You can skip this step.
First, you need to enable "Developer options" on your device.\n• Tap on the "Open about device" button.\n• In the opened page, find "Build number" then tap on it up to 10 times repeatedly until you see a message that says you are now a developer!\n• Now "Developer options" must be added to your device setting menu or "System" submenu.
You have selected this app as the mock location app. Enjoy using it!
Before starting this step, make sure you have enabled the developer options. Now you need to select this app as the mock location app.\n• Tap on "Open developer options" button.\n• In the opened page, find "Select mock location app" under the "DEBUGGING" section and set this app as the mock location app.\n• If you do these instructions correctly, you will see a message on this page that says you have already selected this app as the mock location app.
You are all set.\nEnjoy using the app.
Settings
Center
Top left
Top center
Top right
Center left
Center right
Bottom left
Bottom center
Bottom right
App settings
Theme
Open Google Maps
Open Google Maps automatically when modes start
Show disabled location
Show a warning message if your device location is disabled when service starts
Manage notifications
Manage displaying different notifications of the app
Fixed mode
Update interval (milliseconds)
The interval between each location update request. Lower the value if your location keeps going back to the real location.
Use altitude
Use altitude for the spoofed location
Altitude (meters)
The altitude of the spoofed location
Route mode
Repeat route
Repeat the selected route when it reaches the destination
Joystick location
Joystick mode
Joystick opacity
Transparency of the joystick controller
Improve app
Help Fake GPS improve user experience by automatically sending diagnostics and usage statistics.
Dark
Light
Set by Battery Saver
System
No internet connection
Slow or no internet connection. Map might not load properly.
Slow or no internet connection. Map might not load properly.
Ad was closed too early
You can close the ad now
Upgrade
Watch ad
Watch ad
Premium feature
Route mode is a premium feature but, you can use it by either watching a video ad or upgrading to premium.
Route mode is a premium feature. Please upgrade to the premium version to use this feature.
Adding routes is a premium feature but, you can try it once by watching a video ad or you can upgrade to premium.
Adding routes is a premium feature. Please upgrade to the premium version to use this feature.
Changing the starting point is a premium feature but, you can try it once by watching a video ad or you can upgrade to premium.
Changing the starting point is a premium feature. Please upgrade to the premium version to use this feature.
Joystick mode is a premium feature but, you can use it by either watching a video ad or upgrading to premium.
Joystick mode is a premium feature. Please upgrade to the premium version to use this feature.
Your feedback
Matters
Your support and voice are very important to us. We would love it if you leave us a review in the Play Store.
Never
Sure
Later
Premium
Fake GPS Premium
No ads
Full access to route mode
Full access to joystick mode
Congratulations! You have the premium version of the app.
We are waiting for the purchase validation. Sometimes, it can last several hours. If you have any questions, please contact the developer.
Pending transaction
You cannot buy this item again. You already own it or a previous purchase is still pending for validation. Please wait until it gets approved or declined. Questions? contact developer.
Billing feature unavailable
The billing feature is not available on your device. Please make sure the latest version of the Play Store is installed on your device and you are signed in. You will be able to purchase the premium version after resolving the issue.
The billing feature is not available on your device. Please make sure the latest version of the Play Store is installed on your device and you are signed in. You will be able to purchase the premium version after resolving the issue. Do you wish to proceed?
Get premium

